[chore]Update CONTRIBUTING.md for public, new signalfx project member, and current signalfx project members (#1639)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Contributing via Pull Requests

We appreciate your contributions! Here’s a breakdown of the steps based on your relationship with the owner SignalFX organization:

### Case 1: Public Contributors (No Connection to SignalFX Organization)

> As a **public contributor** with no relation to SignalFX organization, you will likely **not have permission to create a feature branch** in the SignalFX repository. Here’s what to do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a **public contributor** with no relation to Signalfx github organization, you will likely **not have permission to create a feature branch** in this repository. Here’s what to do:
```
We are referring to the github org here right? I think we should use Cisco/Splunk other wise

Author: - I mean the signalfx github org, I'm trying to be concise with wording here and elsewhere. Let me take another stab at it.
- I would like to hold off on introducing "Cisco" language until a separate PR where we can update the documentation in the whole repo in a single PR.
